---
title: Physical Education
permalink: /learn-at-ij-oln/departments/permalink/
variant: tiptap
description: ""
third_nav_title: Departments
---
<h3>Physical Education (PE)</h3><h4>Purpose</h4><p>The purpose of Physical Education is to develop physically competent and confident individuals who enjoy a lifetime of active and healthy living.</p><p>The five goals below serve as a guide for the above purpose. Each goal is as important as the next, and they interact with one another to ensure that every student attains the desired understanding, skills, practices and values.</p><ol data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Movement Competence. Students are competent and confident to participate in a range of physical and outdoor activities.</p></li><li><p>Healthy Lifestyle Practices. Students have a personal commitment to healthy lifestyle practices in physical activity, nutrition, sleep, outdoor time and hygiene.</p></li><li><p>Safety Mindset. Students apply risk assessment strategies to manage daily and physical activities with respect to self, others and the environment.</p></li><li><p>Core Values. Students make informed and responsible decisions with regard to personal behaviour and social interactions based on sound values-based judgements.</p></li><li><p>Enjoyment. Students enjoy and value physical activities and healthy living in a sustainable way.</p></li></ol><p></p><p><strong>Learning Areas and Strands</strong><br></p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Learning Area</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Content</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Strand</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Physical Activity</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Athletics</p></li><li><p>Dance</p></li><li><p>Games and Sports</p></li><li><p>Gymnastics</p></li><li><p>Swimming</p></li></ul></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Movement Skills and Concepts</p></li><li><p>Safety Practices</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="2"><p>Outdoor Education</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Outdoor Living</p></li><li><p>Sense of Place</p></li><li><p>Risk Assessment and Management</p></li></ul></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="2"><p>Physical Health and Safety</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Physical Fitness</p></li><li><p>Safety and Risk Management</p></li><li><p>Nutrition</p></li><li><p>Personal Hygiene and Self-Care</p></li></ul></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>