---
title: Bowling
permalink: /learn-at-ij-oln/co-curricular-activities/sports/bowling/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Co Curricular Activities (CCA)
variant: tiptap
---
<p>WHO WE ARE</p><p>The CHIJ OLN Bowling team is a group of enthusiastic bowlers who are interested in learning and excelling in the sport. Apart from developing students’ bowling skills, our CCA also focuses on inculcating self-discipline, teamwork, leadership as well as sportsmanship. GRACIA values and Social and Emotional Learning (SEL) competencies are also emphasized at every training session. </p><p></p><p>WHAT WE DO</p><p>Students are introduced to the basic bowling skills such as footwork, stance mechanics, finishing position, swings as well as ball selection and scoring. Apart from learning the basic skills, students learn to be focused and to embrace a resilient attitude. Students build on their individual skills as well as collaborative skills as a team. </p><p>In the quest to pursue sporting excellence, selected students have the opportunity to represent the school in the annual National School Games (NSG) Bowling Championships. Participating in the NSG is a valuable learning experience. It allows them to hone their skills against the best in the region, giving them a platform to put their training to the test.</p><p>CCA LEADERS</p><p>Bowling CCA provides students with the opportunities to develop their leadership qualities where leaders lead the team and juniors. Bowling leaders work with the teachers and coaches to help ensure the smooth running of the training sessions and enhance the CCA experiences of their fellow CCA members.</p><p>Bowling leaders assist in maintaining discipline amongst the CCA members and help forge a sense of camaraderie amongst them. They also provide support by leading the team members in the warm-ups and cool down, as well as guiding the newer members during training.</p><p>ACHIEVEMENTS</p><p><strong><u>National School Games Bowling 2021</u></strong><br>Senior Division Girls Doubles (Bronze), Quartets (Bronze) </p><p><strong><u>National School Games Bowling 2022</u></strong><br>Senior Division Girls Doubles (Bronze), Quartets (Bronze) <br>Junior Division Girls Quartets (Bronze)<br>Junior Division Overall 3rd Placing</p><p><strong><u>National School Games Bowling 2023</u></strong><br>Senior Division Girls Doubles (Bronze), Quartets (Bronze)<br>Senior Division Overall 4th Placing<br>Junior Division Girls Quartets (Bronze)</p><p></p>