---
title: Brass Band
permalink: /learn-at-ij-oln/cca/brassband/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Co Curricular Activities (CCA)
variant: tiptap
---
<h4>WHO WE ARE</h4><p>Our brass band is a vibrant ensemble of dedicated, committed and talented members. Together, we hone our musical abilities, embrace new challenges, and celebrate the milestones achieved on our collective journey. The unwavering support and encouragement of members for one another have nurtured an environment where every member can thrive and contribute to the band's success.</p><p>At the heart of the band lies a deep commitment to cultivating camaraderie and teamwork. We believe that music is not merely an individual pursuit but a shared endeavour that brings everyone together. The experience of performing instils confidence, nurtures stage presence, and allows us to share our passion with others.</p><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p></p></td></tr></tbody></table><p>The school brass band is a musical ensemble comprising members who play brass instruments such as cornets, alto horns, trombones, euphoniums, and tubas, along with percussion instruments like timpani, drums etc. Its primary purpose is to perform and enjoy music together as a group.</p><h4>WHAT WE DO</h4><p>We hold regular practices twice a week to help our members practise and perfect their repertoire. During rehearsals, we work on various aspects of music, such as intonation, dynamics, phrasing, and ensemble playing.</p><p>Our brass band performs at school and external events like the Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation (SYF AP) which provides opportunities for the band to showcase their skills and receive feedback from professional musicians and adjudicators.</p><p>Our brass band performs a wide variety of musical genres, from classical and traditional marches to contemporary pieces. This exposure to different musical styles broadens members’ understanding and appreciation of music. Please click on the links to watch some of our recent performances.</p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="315" width="560" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/iMtPp8kiO4Y?si=V2Or69_lQIZ6pPtE"></iframe></div><p></p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="315" width="560" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/9ZGTHdo7h2M?si=ut2VvAZsupeXKXBV"></iframe></div><p></p><div class="iframe-wrapper"><iframe height="315" width="560" allowfullscreen="true" frameborder="0" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/lRbgYUmP7fk?si=BvfB8X8LUxJ2ZXuB"></iframe></div><p>Overall, our school brass band provides an excellent opportunity for members to immerse themselves in music, develop their skills as musicians, and experience the joy of creating music as part of a collaborative effort. It is a rewarding and memorable experience for everyone involved.</p><h4>CCA LEADERS</h4><p>Opportunities are provided to develop and grow student leaders to build their leadership skills, interpersonal skills and management skills. All members appointed as leaders strive to uphold the image and spirit of the band at all times. <br><strong>Band Major</strong> - Leader in charge of overseeing all members of the band.<br><strong>Quartermaster </strong>- Leader in charge of overseeing all instruments and store items of the band.<br><strong>Librarian </strong>- Leader in charge of overseeing all the scores of the band.<br><strong>Sectional Leaders</strong> - Leaders of the various sections, keep order in their section during practices and rehearsals.</p><h4>ACHIEVEMENTS</h4><p><strong>Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation 2022</strong> - Accomplishment</p><p><strong>Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation 2018</strong> - Accomplishment</p><p><strong>Singapore Youth Festival Arts Presentation 2016</strong> - No benchmarking</p><h4>CCA SCHEDULE</h4><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Group</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Day</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Time</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Teachers-in-Charge</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Main Band</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mondays</p></td><td rowspan="2" colspan="1"><p>3.15 pm - 5.15 pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mrs Gan Pei Ying (OIC)<br>Mrs Emily Chew</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Main Band<br>and <br>Junior Band</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Thursdays</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mrs Gan Pei Ying (OIC)<br>Mdm Ang I-Ling<br>Mdm Rachel Siow</p></td></tr></tbody></table><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><em>All new members (regardless of level) will start in Junior Band.</em></p></li><li><p><em>Junior Band Members who have attained a certain level (assessed by the instructors) will be promoted to the Main Band.</em></p></li></ul><p></p>