---
title: Brownies
permalink: /learn-at-ij-oln/co-curricular-activities/uniform-group/brownies/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Co Curricular Activities (CCA)
variant: tiptap
---
<p>WHO WE ARE</p><p>At CHIJ OLN, there are 2 packs in the Brownie CCA and in each pack, there are 6 Sixes - Fairy, Elf, Gnome, Imp, Pixie, and Sprite. A Brownie Sixer takes charge of each Six and she is assisted by a Brownie Second. </p><p>Brownies have the opportunity to explore and discover the world around them by learning basic life skills and knowledge about Singapore. They learn to work and play in teams and learn to care for one another, building lasting friendships. On special occasions such as the World Thinking Day and Division Day, Brownies get to interact with other Brownie or Girl Guide units for joint learning adventures. </p><p>A wide range of indoor and outdoor activities is conducted which enables the girls to develop physically, mentally, and socially. During our weekly sessions, we organise a holistic selection of activities such as team-building games, handicrafts, drills and badgework which will give multiple opportunities for our girls to plan, lead and participate in learning. </p><p></p><p>WHAT WE DO</p><p>Brownies are guided by a comprehensive 5-Point Program, which develops them in 5 areas:</p><p><strong>Personal &amp; Social Development</strong> – Physical Development, Emotional Development, Social Development<br><strong>Home </strong>– Home Duties &amp; Home Safety<br><strong>Community </strong>– Know more about Singapore, My Neighbourhood, Emergency Preparedness<br><strong>Outdoor </strong>– Discovering Nature, A Green World<br><strong>International </strong>– My Globe, My Guiding World &amp; My Guiding Friend</p><p>Brownies enjoy working for proficiency badges, interest badges and awards that help them develop new skills.</p><p></p><p><strong><u>Puan Noor Aisyah (PNA) Award</u></strong><br>The Puan Noor Aisyah Award is a prestigious award to recognise the efforts made by every Brownie/Girl Guide unit in the service and participation of activities in spreading the word about the Guiding Movement. Some of the activities include Brownie Revels, Camps, Division Learning Day, South Division Day and many more.</p><p><strong><u>Chief Commissioner’s Badge Award</u></strong><br>The Chief Commissioner’s Badge Award is the highest award for a Brownie. Awardees must attain at least five proficiency badges before qualifying to be nominated for this award. The journey towards this award is arduous and the Brownies need to be resilient and committed to persevere to the end. The badge involves studying and reflecting upon the Singapore Girl Guiding history, going through a community outreach program and an oral examination testing their proficiency in promoting Girl Guiding movement and Singapore.</p><p><br></p>