---
title: Floorball
permalink: /learn-at-ij-oln/co-curricular-activities/sports/floorball/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Co Curricular Activities (CCA)
variant: tiptap
---
<h4>WHO WE ARE</h4><p>Our Floorball team has come a long way since we first started and we are working our way up to achieving greater heights. Together, our girls train hard to become better floorball players who exemplify the GRACIA values of our school. Our team takes part in the annual National School Games Floorball Championships to compete with schools all over Singapore.</p><p></p><h4>WHAT WE DO</h4><p>Our Floorball team consists of members from diverse backgrounds. Together with the teachers and coaches, our team aims to provide an enjoyable yet meaningful CCA experience for all.</p><p>During our weekly training, we aim to create a positive and healthy learning environment for all our members. The weekly training provides an opportunity for members to improve their technical skills and fitness in Floorball. Our weekly training also provides a platform for our members to build friendships across different levels and classes.</p><p>Our Floorball team competes in the National School Games Competition that are held annually, both in the Senior and Junior Division. Selected members have an opportunity to represent the school in these competitions. By participating in the NSG competitions, members develop a greater sense of resilience and sportsmanship.</p><p>These valuable experiences shape our members to uphold the GRACIA values and be exemplary IJ girls. They also enhance each player's understanding and appreciation of working as a team.</p><h4>CCA LEADERS</h4><p>In Floorball, we aim to develop our CCA leaders to be confident learners who lead by serving and caring for others. Our leaders, known as Captains, learn values like responsibility and competencies related to leadership. For example, captains lead the team during our weekly CCA trainings and yearly competitions, e.g. in warming up and cooling down. Captains also are responsible for ensuring that equipment is prepared and ready for training and competitions.</p><p>Through effective communication, our captains work closely with the teachers and coaches to ensure that the goals set by the team are met. Our captains are an integral part in promoting a sense of belonging and teamwork within the team.</p><h4>ACHIEVEMENTS</h4><p><strong>National School Games Floorball Championship 2019</strong><br>Junior Girls - Champions in Tier 1</p><p><strong>National School Games Floorball Championship 2022</strong><br>Senior Girls -Top 8<br>Junior Girls – Runners up in Tier 1</p><p><strong>National School Games Floorball Championship 2023</strong><br>Senior Girls – Top 8<br>Junior Girls – 1st in Classification and 2nd in Tier 1</p><h4>CCA SCHEDULE</h4><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Level</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Day</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Time</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Teachers-in-Charge</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Primary 3</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Tuesdays</p></td><td rowspan="3" colspan="1"><p>3.15 pm - 5.15 pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Nazri (OIC)<br>Mrs Azman</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Primary 4</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Thursday</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Nazri (OIC)<br>Mdm Nadira</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Primary 5<br>&amp;<br>Primary 6</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Tuesdays<br>&amp;<br>Thursday</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mr Nazri (OIC)<br>Mr Jarryl Chan<br>Ms Feng Jing Wei</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>