---
title: Table Tennis
permalink: /learn-at-ij-oln/co-curricular-activities/sports/table-tennis/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Co Curricular Activities (CCA)
variant: tiptap
---
<h4>WHO WE ARE</h4><p>The CHIJ OLN Table Tennis CCA comprises players who train hard every week to hone their skills and develop a sense of camaraderie. The goal is to cultivate a passion for the sport among its members and to instil discipline, resilience and sportsmanship in our players.</p><p></p><h4>WHAT WE DO</h4><p>Our CHIJ OLN Table Tennis team is a family of dynamic players who train twice weekly with professional coaches. Skills such as the different styles of servicing, attacking, and defending, as well as footwork are taught during training. The weekly training enables our students to be focused and to think on their feet. This helps them to hone their skills in making quick decisions to counter opponents’ actions.</p><p>The team continues to strive towards excellence in training as well as in competitions. Students in the competitive group take part in the National School Games South Zone Table Tennis Championships, and the National Primary Schools Table Tennis Championships. This provides the opportunity for them to put the skills they have learnt to the test. The experiences the players gain from the games are invaluable to the team.</p><p>Through weekly rigorous training and participation in the Zonal and National competitions, our goal is to foster a team of committed, physically fit and mentally strong players.</p><p>The training programme helps:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Players develop basic to intermediate Table Tennis skills</p></li><li><p>Encourage players' dedication and enthusiasm towards the game, and to develop</p><p>excellent discipline, teamwork, and sportsmanship</p></li><li><p>Develop their skills and a love for the sport</p></li><li><p>Develop GRACIA values and SEL competencies through training and competitions</p></li></ul><h4>CCA LEADERS</h4><p>Our CCA leaders play an important role in CHIJ OLN. The Table Tennis leaders work with the teachers and coaches to help ensure the smooth running of the training sessions and enhance the CCA experiences of their fellow CCA members.</p><p>The CCA leaders assist in maintaining discipline amongst the CCA members and help forge a sense of camaraderie amongst them.</p><p>They also provide support by leading the team members in the warm-ups and drills, as well as guiding the newer members during training.</p><h4>ACHIEVEMENTS</h4><p><strong>National School Games Table Tennis Championships 2021</strong><br>Senior Girls - 4th</p><p><strong>National School Games Table Tennis Championships 2022</strong><br>Senior Girls - 4th</p><p><strong>National School Games Table Tennis Championships 2023</strong><br>Senior Girls - 3rd Place in Classification Round<br>Senior Girls - 6th Place in Tiered Round<br>Junior Girls - 1st Place in Classification Round and 4th in Tier 1 (Team 1)<br>Junior Girls - 1st Place in Classification Round and 4th in Tier 1 (Team 2)</p><h4>CCA SCHEDULE</h4><table><tbody><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Level</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Day</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Time</strong></p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p><strong>Teachers-in-Charge</strong></p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Primary 3 and<br>Primary 6</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Tuesdays</p></td><td rowspan="2" colspan="1"><p>3.15 pm - 5.15 pm</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mrs Lee Hwee Khoon (OIC)<br>Mdm Adeline Chua</p></td></tr><tr><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Primary 4 and<br>Primary 5</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Thursdays</p></td><td rowspan="1" colspan="1"><p>Mrs Lee Hwee Khoon (OIC)<br>Mdm Peh Bee Leng<br>Mdm Lai Meiyu</p></td></tr></tbody></table><p></p>