---
title: Financial & Non Financial Matters
permalink: /school-information/general-information/financial-matters/
description: ""
third_nav_title: Other Information
variant: tiptap
---
<p>Please click on the hyperlink below to view the information</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p><a href="https://www.moe.gov.sg/about-us/organisation-structure/fpd/financial-summary" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Financial Information</a></p></li><li><p><a href="/files/Ops/non financial info of chijoln.pdf" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">Non-Financial Information</a></p></li></ul><h4>School Fees and Financial Assistance</h4><p><strong><u>Edusave Funds</u></strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>All Singaporean students are awarded $230 per annum. in their Edusave account.</p></li><li><p>The amount of money in your child's/ward's Edusave account can be used to subsidise:</p></li><li><p>Single-Tier Miscellaneous fees of $13.00 per month</p></li><li><p>Enrichment programmes conducted by the school</p></li></ul><p><strong><u>Miscellaneous fees</u></strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>The miscellaneous fee is $13 per month (standard miscellaneous fee of $6.50 and 2nd tier miscellaneous fee of $6.50). The standard miscellaneous fee can be paid either via GIRO, SingPost SAM, SGQR or by cash/cheque given to the school's General Office.</p></li><li><p>The 2nd tier miscellaneous fee can be paid using the funds in your child's/ward's Edusave Account.</p></li></ul><p><strong><u>Financial Assistance Scheme (FAS)</u></strong></p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>Students who require financial assistance may apply for:</p><ul data-tight="true" class="tight"><li><p>MOE Financial Assistance Scheme if they come from households with a gross monthly income of $3,000 and below. For households with a monthly income in excess of $3,000, students can still be considered for the assistance if there are five or more members in the household and the per capita income is $750 or less.</p></li><li><p>If successful, students will be awarded 100% waiver of the standard miscellaneous fees and receive free school uniforms, PE attire, socks, shoes and textbooks. They will also receive meal and transportation subsidies.</p></li></ul></li><li><p>Singaporean students from households with a per capita income of $1 ,OOO or less can apply for the School-based FAS. Eligible applicants under the Schoolbased FAS will be eligible for free textbooks, attire, and subsidised transport/meals.</p></li><li><p>Students can apply for a subsidy to buy a computer under the Infocomm Media Development Authority. More information is available on <a href="http://www.digitalaccess.gov.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">www.digitalaccess.gov.sg</a>.</p></li></ul><h4>Change of Personal Particulars</h4><p>Inform the school of any change in telephone number, home address, medical history or any other matter IMMEDIATELY through your child's/ward's Form Teacher.</p><p>Change of address: parents/guardians can email the school at <a href="mailto:chijoln@moe.edu.sg" rel="noopener noreferrer nofollow" target="_blank">chijoln@moe.edu.sg</a> to inform the school of the new address.</p>